"Aww, man. This war is finally almost over!" I thought as I let my body sink into the worn out couch for debrief. What a relief it was to finally be out of the constant fights! We were finally able to break through the Steel Nation's frontlines, killing their commander and raiding one of their colonized planets. My squad mates continued filling the room as the smell of sweat become more and more pungent. 
It felt weird, fighting so hard for my country, then quartering in another. At least I get to take a rest after all that shooting. We stayed at one of their colonized planets for the night while cycling shifts to take watch during our stay. Luckily, I wasn't on first shift, so I went back to my destroyer's pod, where my bonsai pot sat. It had its own little container of soil and artificial sunlight. Ahh, some peace amidst all the chaos. I cut some leaves off the plant, and went to sleep.


**BEEP BEEP**
my alarm clock jolts me awake. Oh right. Its my turn isn't it. I sit in position and plug in my fingers. The machine verifies my identity and whirrs into life. "Current Objective, move to orbit current celestial body at 150/200 km, inclination of -45° and RAAN of 60° longitude" my earpiece chirps. I follow my objective, signaling the previous sentry to go back to rest. 
"Well, its just the two of us now, huh." I hear from the comms. "Seems like it" I respond. Silence. Awkward, unbearable silence. I stare into the darkness of space. "Feels weird." I say. "What does?" "This whole war thing. Like, we're fighting in this war in space, right? Like, in the grand scheme of all our actions, does it all really change anything? In the end, space is still gonna be black ... sorry, that was a weird analogy." "No, No. I get what you're saying. I mean, it certainly feels meaningless, but its probably just for the better of everyone, right? Whoever's ideas are **better**. err, ideas as in laws, I guess. Why'd you join anyways?" "I didn't have a choice. My family... well, circumstances happened and i was just brought into the force since... I think 3?" I notice a leaf falling from the bonsai. "oh. I'm sorry for being nosy." "Oh, I'm over it now. I wouldn't even consider myself conscious then. Just, I try to avoid these type of conversations. Why am I telling you all this? I wonder." "Welp, either way, it's nice to have some rest, ey?" "I dunno, kinda messes up my rhy-" Just then, a ball flies from a distance right at one of the vessels. 
___
Explosion. I fly towards the rubble. "WHAT WAS THAT?" "From what i can tell, its a sniper projectile! Lay some cover while we recover!" I fly towards the direction of the missile and shoot into the darkness. What could this be? An ambush? Did they already replace their commander? "It's an ambush! Fall into formation!" I hear. I fly into the front ranks of the vessels, and start shooting at the darkness. "They aren't advanced in tech, so aim for any exposed parts! Break formation!" I hear. I fall out of my rank and fly straight into the the enemy lines, shooting at any jet that my system detects. After what feels like forever, which could've just been 20 minutes, I hear "They're jets are slowing down! Should we push!?" "Yes! Let's end it boys!". FINALLY! 
As we continue to pursue the enemy base, we finally saw our goal. We've done it! Just a little push! Finally, when I'm done I can finally go back to ... where?
___
Where can I go when the war is over?
___
I open my eyes. Right, the war. "Shoot! Sorry I froze up!" I reach for the controls. "Hey! Snap out of it!" Huh? I could've sworn I was in my destroyer, wasn't I? Wait, I don't recognize this wall. Or room. Is this... a hospital? A person in white..., right - a nurse - walked up. "Huh? What happened? Why am I here?" "While you were fighting, you got hit and suffered a pretty bad concussion. You lost consciousness out there, so your jet autopiloted back here. Don't worry, we did win the war." Huh? So, is that it? The war's over, now what?
"Oh, they said they are relieving everyone in your squad of their duty after that last battle, so you can go home when you have recovered." 
I stay at the hospital for a bit longer until I fully recovered from the concussion. After I got discharged, I get called into some sort of council for former soldiers. They reward my war effort a medal and, since I was technically homeless, a middle class apartment in an urban-ish area. 
After the whole council shebang, I get relocated into the new area. Ahh, finally. No more war. For as long as I was conscious, it was all fighting and training. I open the door to my new apartment, and step inside with hope.
___
Wow, this is way smaller than I expected. I can't fit anything inside. The bed the apartment came with takes up a bit too much space, although it looks like it can only fit one person. If I tried, the only two other things I can fit inside is a desk and a closet. And that felt cluttered. I set everything up. Clothes, a workspace(if and when I have the need), and my bonsai plant. After taking a shower, I fell in my bed and fell asleep.
When I wake up, I don't even know how long I slept. Man, I'm hungry. I put on some clothes they gave me and went out for some food.
As I was walking out, I kept a mental map on where I was going. There were some weird whispering and attention, but it's probably nothing. I  asked some civilians for directions to a cafeteria, but it took me several tries to find someone that will respond. Even then, her response was rather cold? I think?
As I follow her directions, I find a back alley door and open it. It doesn't budge. When I knock, the door opens with a man with a rather tall build. And buff. "Hi, I was wondering if you guys have food?" "What, for you? You fought against us, and now you ask for food?" "What? I fought for this country!" He shoves me. "What, so you guys can keep everyone as your people's slaves? You people just took away our only chance at freedom, so go back to where you came from. Or Better, I'll make you" 
___
I limped back home. Or I think it is. I'm seeing double. What is going on? I crawl into my bed. Man, I'm still hungry. I wonder if I even matter to the army now. I fought and fought, for what? Some lie that I was born into? I never could've chosen this. Now I'm branded as the monster, fighting for everyone's slavery. I don't even equate to a human anymore.
___
Thus wilts the last leaf.